docs: Add role policies sections (#2253)
cerbos/cerbos: docs/modules/policies/pages/role_policies.adoc

[source,yaml,linenums]
----
---
apiVersion: api.cerbos.dev/v1
rolePolicy:
  role: "acme_admin" <1>
  scope: "acme.hr.uk" <2>
  rules:
    - resource: leave_request <3>
      permissibleActions: <4>
        - view:* <5>
        - deny

    - resource: salary_record
      permissibleActions:
        - edit

    - resource: "*" <6>
      permissibleActions: ["create"]
----
<1> The role to which this policy applies.
<2> Optional principal xref:scoped_policies.adoc[scope] for this policy.
<3> The resource to which the following rule applies.
<4> The list of permissible actions that the role can carry out on the given resource.
<5> Wildcard actions are supported.
<6> Wildcard resources are also supported.

== Evaluation

During evaluation of a check request, a role policy is only evaluated if it has a matching principal role and scope. For the policy above, the principal would need to have the role `acme_admin` and the scope `acme.hr.uk`. If a principal has more than one role, the evaluator can return more than one role policy. The union of the `resource` lists is then taken which provides a larger potential pool of matching `resource:action` pairs.

> If any role policies are matched according to the above rule, they are evaluated before any resource policies. If a `resource:action` pairing is not explicitly set in any of the role policies, that pairing will immediately resolve to a `DENY`. Otherwise, that given `resource:action` pairing will fall through to any resource policies for further evaluation.

Reviewer: It just occurred to me that I don't know how the principal policies work at this level. The order should be principal > role > resource, shouldn't it? Is that the case currently?

Author: Yeah that's currently the case. Perhaps I should make a note to say "that still happens"

Reviewer: Yeah, I think we should say that it goes from most specific to least. Starting with the principal policies, any role policies and, finally, resource policies.

During evaluation of a check request, a role policy is only evaluated if it has a matching principal role and scope. For the policy above, the principal would need to have the role `acme_admin` and the scope `acme.hr.uk`. If a principal has more than one role, the evaluator can return more than one role policy. The union of the `resource` lists is then taken which provides a larger potential pool of matching `resource:action` pairs.

> Policies are evaluated from most to least specific. If any role policies are matched according to the above rule, they are evaluated before any resource policies, but after any principal policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Policies are evaluated from most to least specific. If there is a principal policy matching the principal it is evaluated first, followed by any matching role policies as described above. Finally, any applicable resource policies are evaluated to produce the final access decision.
```
